 insulted Edgey-poo in front of Wendy Oldbag.
 received a love letter from Laurice Deauxnim and thought it was blackmail. Decided to commit suicide.
 got in between Iris and Feenie. Feenie went into Turnabout mode.
 had to listen to Quercus Alba rant about leaving for the hundredth time.
 dressed up as the Steel Samurai. Was assumed by Franziska von Karma to be Larry Butz, and was whipped to death.
 was found to be part of a worldwide smuggling ring by the Yatagarasu. Was brought to justice.
 had to listen to Calisto Yew's laugh.
 was mistaken to be Dick Gumshoe by Miles Edgeworth, and got a salary cut. Survived on ramen for three months before dying of too much sodium.
 was kdnapped and murdered by Shelly de Killer.
 had to watch Dahlia Hawthorne charm the whole court, including the judge.
 was forced to drink thirty cups of bitter, black coffee with Godot.
 accidentally lit Babahlese ink on fire, and was burned to death while admiring the pretty green flames.
 was forced to use Rhoda Teneiro's suitcase designs.
 was given the task of keeping Cammy Meele awake.
 died of awesomeness, after watching Shi-Long Lang work.
 died of shock after discovering Shih-na's identity.
 died of frustration, waiting for someone to hurry up and sell Gyakuten Kenji 2 in America.
 accidentally projected Little Thief over the edge of a cliff, and walked off the cliff during investigations.
 could not figure out Logic and committed suicide.
 ate Phoenix Wright's poisoned cold medicine, courtesy of Dahlia Hawthorne.
 ate some of Ema Skye's Snackoos. Was subsequently force fed luminol and fingerprint powder, courtesy of Ema Skye.
 was thought to be evidence and attacked by Missile. Bled to death.
 died of shock after learning of how Phoenix Wright was disbarred, and how Phoenix Wright became a piano player.
 lost Phoenix Wright's magatama. Was murdered by Pearl Fey as a result.
 was caught stealing Wendy Oldbag's stolen Samurai Dogs.
 had to listen to Lotta Hart's testimony.
 died of shock after witnessing Trucy Wright's Mr. Hat act.
 touched used Dick Gumshoe's key card to get into Damon Gant's office. Detective Gumshoe got fired as well.
 died of awesomeness, after watching Klavier Gavin at a concert.
 died of acute atroquinine poisoning, from Kristoph Gavin.
 chewed and swallowed a necklace made of glass and metal that probably contained fatal poison, was hit over the head with a fire extinguisher, fell from a 40 foot cliff into a fast flowing river, and was hit by a speeding vehicle, only to die from being forced to watch the Steel Samurai show for the millionth time.
 took out a loan from Furio Tigre for $10.01.
 was forced to participate in Morgan Fey's plans.
 failed to fix the Sacred Urn.
 got eaten by the Blue Badger.
 was forced to undergo spiritual training by Bikini.
 accompanied Maggey Byrde.
 fell in love with Phoenix Wright. Was murdered by Pearl Fey as a result.
 drank some of Viola Cadaverini's *special* tea.
 died from Victor Kudo's seeds.
 saw "Franzy's Whip Lash Splash", by Larry Butz AKA Laurice Deauxnim.
 ate Angel "Cough-Up Queen" Starr's lunchboxes, and died out of surprise at how good it was.
 listened to Apollo Justice's chords of steel.